Extend README.md with Installation Guide and Documentation (#128)
eProsima/DDS-Router: README.md

* [CMake](https://cmake.org/), [g++](https://gcc.gnu.org/), [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/), [wget](https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/) and [git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) [optional, not required for CMake-only installation]
* [Gtest](https://github.com/google/googletest) [for test only]

#### CMake, g++, pip, wget and git

These packages provide the tools required to install DDS Router and its dependencies from command line. Install
[CMake](https://cmake.org/), [g++](https://gcc.gnu.org/), [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/), [wget](https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/) and [git](https://git-scm.com/) using the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution. For
example, on Ubuntu use the command:

```batch
sudo apt install cmake g++ pip wget git
```

#### Colcon

[colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) is a command line tool based on [CMake](https://cmake.org/) aimed at building sets of software packages. Install the ROS 2 development tools ([colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) and [vcstool](https://pypi.org/project/vcstool/)) by executing the following command:

> ```batch

Reviewer: NIT:
In general:
Use `bash` or `sh`, not `batch`.
```suggestion
```bash
```

## Documentation

You can access the documentation online, which is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io).

* [Introduction](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/formalia/titlepage.html)
* [Getting Started](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/getting_started/project_overview.html)
* [User Manual](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/user_manual/user_interface.html)
* [Examples](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/examples/echo_example.html)
* [Use Cases](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/use_cases/ros_cloud.html)
* [Developer Manual](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/developer_manual/installation/sources/linux.html)
* [Release Notes](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/notes/notes.html)

## Installation Guide

The instructions for installing the *DDS Router* application from sources and its required dependencies on a Linux
environment are provided below. These installation instructions are a summarized version of the complete

> [installation guide](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/developer_manual/installation/sources/linux.html) available online, which also includes the [required steps](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/developer_manual/installation/sources/windows.html) for installing *DDS Router* on a Windows platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[installation guide](https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/developer_manual/installation/sources/linux.html) available online.
For installing *DDS Router* on a **Windows platform** follow next link https://eprosima-dds-router.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/developer_manual/installation/sources/windows.html .
```

Reviewer: NIT: set Windows as bold, so it is easier to find?

example, on Ubuntu use the command:

```batch
sudo apt install cmake g++ pip wget git
```

#### Colcon

[colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) is a command line tool based on [CMake](https://cmake.org/) aimed at building sets of software packages. Install the ROS 2 development tools ([colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) and [vcstool](https://pypi.org/project/vcstool/)) by executing the following command:

```batch
pip3 install -U colcon-common-extensions vcstool
```

If this fails due to an Environment Error, add the `--user` flag to the `pip3` installation command.

#### Gtest

[Gtest](https://github.com/google/googletest) is a unit testing library for C++. By default, *DDS Router* does not
compile tests. It is possible to activate them with the opportune [CMake options](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/reference/verb/build.html#cmake-options) when calling [colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) or
[CMake](https://cmake.org/). For a detailed description of the Gtest installation process, please refer to the
[Gtest Installation Guide](https://github.com/google/googletest).

### Dependencies

> #### Asio and TinyXML2 libraries

Reviewer: Add `yaml-cpp`

Author: Also added it to Linux and Windows documentation.

> #### Asio and TinyXML2 libraries

Reviewer: NIT: separate between fastdds dependencies and router dependencies

```batch
sudo apt install libasio-dev libtinyxml2-dev
```

#### OpenSSL

[OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) is a robust toolkit for the TLS and SSL protocols and a general-purpose cryptography library. Install OpenSSL using the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution. For example, on Ubuntu use the command:

```batch
sudo apt install libssl-dev
```

#### eProsima dependencies

If it already exists in the system an installation of *Fast DDS* library with version greater than *2.4.0*, just source
this library when building the *DDS Router* application by using the command:

```batch
source <fastdds-installation-path>/install/setup.bash
```

In other case, just download *Fast DDS* project from sources and build it together with *DDS Router* using colcon as it
is explained in the following section.

### Colcon installation

1. Create a `DDS-Router` directory and download the `.repos` file that will be used to install *DDS Router* and its dependencies:

```batch
mkdir -p ~/DDS-Router/src
cd ~/DDS-Router
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eProsima/DDS-Router/main/ddsrouter.repos
vcs import src < ddsrouter.repos
```

2. Build the packages:

```batch
colcon build
```

> ### CMake installation

Reviewer: NIT: I would not add this section. I do not think people use it, and If someone is interested, could go to the docu. I would do this Readme as a very easy and simple way to install, and not add extra possibilities

    mkdir Fast-CDR/build
    cd Fast-CDR/build
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=~/DDS-Router/install
    cmake --build . --target install
    ```

    * [Fast DDS](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS)
    ```batch
    cd ~/DDS-Router
    git clone https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS.git
    mkdir Fast-DDS/build
    cd Fast-DDS/build
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=~/DDS-Router/install -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=~/DDS-Router/install
    cmake --build . --target install
    ```

3. Once all dependencies are installed, install *DDS Router*:

```batch
cd ~/DDS-Router
git clone https://github.com/eProsima/DDS-Router.git
mkdir DDS-Router/build
cd DDS-Router/build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=~/DDS-Router/install -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=~/DDS-Router/install
cmake --build . --target install
```

#### Global installation

To install *DDS Router* system-wide instead of locally, remove all the flags that appear in the configuration steps of `Fast-CDR`, `Fast-DDS`, and `DDS-Router`, and change the first in the configuration step of `foonathan_memory_vendor` to
the following:

```batch
-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local/ -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON
```

---

> **Note**

Reviewer: Maybe move it to a new subsection *Test*

By default, *DDS Router* does not compile tests. However, they can be activated by downloading and installing

> [Gtest](https://github.com/google/googletest) and building with CMake option `-DBUILD_TESTS=ON`.

Reviewer: Add command to execute them.

Reviewer: add `--packages-select ddsrouter`, and maybe `--event-handler=console_direct+`

---

### Run an application

To run the *DDS Router* application, source the *Fast DDS* library and execute the executable file that has been
installed in `<install-path>/ddsrouter/bin/ddsrouter`:

```batch

> # If built has been done using colcon, all projects could be sourced as follows:
> source <install-path>/setup.bash
> ./<install-path>/ddsrouter/bin/ddsrouter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Source installation
source <install-path>/setup.bash

# Execute DDS Router
./<install-path>/ddsrouter/bin/ddsrouter
```
